Today, the 8th ceremony of the Japanese Literature Report was held.
I would like to express my gratitude to you.
The Great East Asia War is in progress.
We have completed the purpose of the Great East Asia War.
To celebrate the end of the Great East Asia War,
we have decided to hold the war in Japan.
We, the people, have decided to do our best.
We will continue to do our best to promote Japan's spirit.
However, the great literature that is unique to the country,
is not a place where I can say that literature is unique to Japan.
Literature is not a place where I can say that literature is unique to Japan.
It is a place where I can express my opinion in the simplest way.
The Great East Asia War is the first country in Japan.
The great literature of Japan should be concentrated in the literature of Japan.
Thank you for watching.